README.md, before:

# Zsh config for WSL
![Example screenshot](example.png)
Run the following command (Debian/Ubuntu) to install Zsh:
```bash
sudo apt install zsh zsh-autosuggestions zsh-syntax-highlighting
```
and git clone this repo in your `$HOME` directory.

## Change default shell to Zsh
Run the following command to list all available shells:
```
cat /etc/shells
```
this should output a list of all available shells on the system, including `/bin/zsh`.

Change the default shell for the current user with:
```
chsh -s <shell>
```
---
You can also change the default shell for the `root` user by running the following command:
```
sudo chsh -s <shell>
```
## Change settings to Windows terminal to display Nerd Fonts
Install FiraCode Nerd Font from [https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads).

Edit the JSON settings of Windows Terminal to the following:

```JSON
{
    "$help": "https://aka.ms/terminal-documentation",
    "$schema": "https://aka.ms/terminal-profiles-schema",
    "actions": [],
    "copyFormatting": "none",
    "copyOnSelect": false,
    "defaultProfile": "{3c87b3bb-e8d2-5ab7-9aa3-e26422320d80}",
    "keybindings": 
    [
        {
            "id": "Terminal.CopyToClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+c"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.PasteFromClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+v"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.DuplicatePaneAuto",
            "keys": "alt+shift+d"
        }
    ],
    "newTabMenu": 
    [
        {
            "type": "remainingProfiles"
        }
    ],
    "profiles": 
    {
        "defaults": {},
        "list": 
        [
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\WindowsPowerShell\\v1.0\\powershell.exe",
                "guid": "{61c54bbd-c2c6-5271-96e7-009a87ff44bf}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Windows PowerShell"
            },
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\cmd.exe",
                "guid": "{0caa0dad-35be-5f56-a8ff-afceeeaa6101}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Prompt dei comandi"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{b453ae62-4e3d-5e58-b989-0a998ec441b8}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Azure Cloud Shell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.Azure"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{c574aba2-052a-5ac8-b0a0-466475d6ea88}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019 (2)",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{0ba87fa3-75bd-50fe-9918-f21b09e6bb4a}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Developer PowerShell for VS 2019 (2)",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{66a15ef5-0b6e-54d8-bb90-22f707b257c2}",
                "hidden": true,
                "name": "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{96f7f63d-26b8-5e43-bcc4-6be4fa95c2a5}",
                "hidden": true,
                "name": "Developer PowerShell for VS 2019",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "colorScheme": "Custom Scheme",
                "font": 
                {
                    "face": "FiraCode Nerd Font"
                },
                "guid": "{3c87b3bb-e8d2-5ab7-9aa3-e26422320d80}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Ubuntu",
                "opacity": 80,
                "source": "Microsoft.WSL"
            },
            {
                "colorScheme": "Tango Dark",
                "guid": "{51855cb2-8cce-5362-8f54-464b92b32386}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Ubuntu",
                "source": "CanonicalGroupLimited.Ubuntu_79rhkp1fndgsc"
            }
        ]
    },
    "schemes": 
    [
        {
            "background": "#131313",
            "black": "#1A181A",
            "blue": "#647FF8",
            "brightBlack": "#707070",
            "brightBlue": "#22D5FF",
            "brightCyan": "#7ACCD7",
            "brightGreen": "#A4CD7C",
            "brightPurple": "#AB9DF2",
            "brightRed": "#F882A5",
            "brightWhite": "#E3E1E4",
            "brightYellow": "#E5D37E",
            "cursorColor": "#FFFFFF",
            "cyan": "#3AA5D0",
            "foreground": "#FFFFFF",
            "green": "#7FCD2B",
            "name": "Custom Scheme",
            "purple": "#7C63F2",
            "red": "#FF0E0E",
            "selectionBackground": "#FFFFFF",
            "white": "#ECECEC",
            "yellow": "#E4E713"
        }
    ],
    "themes": []
}
```

Commit message:

Aggiunte istruzioni per installare fastfetch

README.md, after:

# Zsh config for WSL
![Example screenshot](example.png)
Run the following command (Debian/Ubuntu) to install Zsh:
```bash
sudo apt install zsh zsh-autosuggestions zsh-syntax-highlighting
```
and git clone this repo in your `$HOME` directory.

## Change default shell to Zsh
Run the following command to list all available shells:
```bash
cat /etc/shells
```
this should output a list of all available shells on the system, including `/bin/zsh`.

Change the default shell for the current user with:
```bash
chsh -s <shell>
```
---
You can also change the default shell for the `root` user by running the following command:
```bash
sudo chsh -s <shell>
```
## Install fastfetch (optional)
The zsh init script automatically runs `fastfetch`, if you don-t have `fastfetch` installed it will throw an error. Since Debian Trixie `fastfetch` is present inside the default Debian repos, on Ubuntu and previous versions of Debian you have to manually install it. For Ubuntu systems you can install it by running:

```bash
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:zhangsongcui3371/fastfetch
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fastfetch
```
## Change settings to Windows terminal to display Nerd Fonts
Install FiraCode Nerd Font from [https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads).

Edit the JSON settings of Windows Terminal to the following:

```json
{
    "$help": "https://aka.ms/terminal-documentation",
    "$schema": "https://aka.ms/terminal-profiles-schema",
    "actions": [],
    "copyFormatting": "none",
    "copyOnSelect": false,
    "defaultProfile": "{3c87b3bb-e8d2-5ab7-9aa3-e26422320d80}",
    "keybindings": 
    [
        {
            "id": "Terminal.CopyToClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+c"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.PasteFromClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+v"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.DuplicatePaneAuto",
            "keys": "alt+shift+d"
        }
    ],
    "newTabMenu": 
    [
        {
            "type": "remainingProfiles"
        }
    ],
    "profiles": 
    {
        "defaults": {},
        "list": 
        [
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\WindowsPowerShell\\v1.0\\powershell.exe",
                "guid": "{61c54bbd-c2c6-5271-96e7-009a87ff44bf}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Windows PowerShell"
            },
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\cmd.exe",
                "guid": "{0caa0dad-35be-5f56-a8ff-afceeeaa6101}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Prompt dei comandi"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{b453ae62-4e3d-5e58-b989-0a998ec441b8}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Azure Cloud Shell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.Azure"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{c574aba2-052a-5ac8-b0a0-466475d6ea88}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019 (2)",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{0ba87fa3-75bd-50fe-9918-f21b09e6bb4a}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Developer PowerShell for VS 2019 (2)",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{66a15ef5-0b6e-54d8-bb90-22f707b257c2}",
                "hidden": true,
                "name": "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{96f7f63d-26b8-5e43-bcc4-6be4fa95c2a5}",
                "hidden": true,
                "name": "Developer PowerShell for VS 2019",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.VisualStudio"
            },
            {
                "colorScheme": "Custom Scheme",
                "font": 
                {
                    "face": "FiraCode Nerd Font"
                },
                "guid": "{3c87b3bb-e8d2-5ab7-9aa3-e26422320d80}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Ubuntu",
                "opacity": 80,
                "source": "Microsoft.WSL"
            },
            {
                "colorScheme": "Tango Dark",
                "guid": "{51855cb2-8cce-5362-8f54-464b92b32386}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Ubuntu",
                "source": "CanonicalGroupLimited.Ubuntu_79rhkp1fndgsc"
            }
        ]
    },
    "schemes": 
    [
        {
            "background": "#131313",
            "black": "#1A181A",
            "blue": "#647FF8",
            "brightBlack": "#707070",
            "brightBlue": "#22D5FF",
            "brightCyan": "#7ACCD7",
            "brightGreen": "#A4CD7C",
            "brightPurple": "#AB9DF2",
            "brightRed": "#F882A5",
            "brightWhite": "#E3E1E4",
            "brightYellow": "#E5D37E",
            "cursorColor": "#FFFFFF",
            "cyan": "#3AA5D0",
            "foreground": "#FFFFFF",
            "green": "#7FCD2B",
            "name": "Custom Scheme",
            "purple": "#7C63F2",
            "red": "#FF0E0E",
            "selectionBackground": "#FFFFFF",
            "white": "#ECECEC",
            "yellow": "#E4E713"
        }
    ],
    "themes": []
}
```
